---
title: "Quotes"
date: 2019-07-07
slug: quotes
---

Here are some quotes I like. You may also find the following
quotes collected by others worth reading: [Terry](https://www.math.ucla.edu/~tao/quotes.html), [Paul Graham](http://www.paulgraham.com/quo.html), [Takashi Hayashi](https://sites.google.com/site/tkshhysh/home/quotes), ... 

- the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses. They laughed at Columbus, they laughed at Fulton, they laughed at the Wright brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown. --- from the book *Broca's Brain* by astrophysicist Carl Sagan

- Better beware of notions like genius and inspiration; they are a sort of magic wand and should be used sparingly by anybody who wants to see things clearly. --- José Ortega y Gasset
 

# Calculation or intuition?

- You understand the dead cat? But... you... you can't really understand the physics without understanding the math. The math tells how it really works. That's the real thing; the stories I give you in class are just illustrative; they're like, fables, say, to help give you a picture. An imperfect model. I mean - even I don't understand the dead cat. The math is how it really works. --- movie *"A Serious Man"* 

- If I were forced to sum up in one sentence what the Copenhagen interpretation says to me, it would be **'Shut up and calculate!'** --- [David Mermin](https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/David_Mermin)

# "Little" progress matters.

- We have not succeeded in answering all our problems. The answers we have found only serve to raise a whole set of new questions. In some ways we feel we are as confused as ever, but we believe we are confused on a higher level and about more important thing. 
--- from the book *Stochastic Differential Equation* by Bernt Oksendal.

The following is my favorite. It inspires me to be a "professional" theorist. 

- Nothing is built on stone; all is built in sand. But we must build as if the sand were stone. --- Jorge Luis Borges

# Practice matters

- An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes which can be made, in a narrow field. --- *Niels Bohr*

- When you take stuff from one writer, it's plagiarism. When you take stuff from many writers, it's research. --- *Wilson Mizner*

- Good artists **copy;** Great artists **steal.** --- *Pablo Picasso*

- The best writing is rewriting.
--- *E. B. White*
